dapps/mailbox/VERSIONS.md, before:

# evan-dapps: mailbox

## Next Version
### Features
### Fixes
### Deprecations

## Version 1.3.1
### Features
- support light theme

## Version 1.3.0
### Features
- new design
- create new mails using UI
- add storeKey / storeValue for contract mail attachments
- be able to pass contract attachment without business center

### Fixes
- fix goBack history stacking for mailbox contract opening

## Version 1.2.0
### Fixes
- fix mailbox paging
- fix dapp-wrapper title i18n

## Version 1.1.0
### Features
- Initial Version

## Version 1.0.2
### Features
### Fixes
- add AsyncComponent to handle correct async OnInit and OnDestroy methods

### Deprecations

## Version 1.0.1
### Features
- use @evan.network for package name and dependencies scopes
- add .npmignore
- rename *contractus* variables to *evan*
- rename bcc-core bundle to bcc
  - rename BCCCore to CoreRuntime
  - rename BCCProfile to ProfileRuntime
  - rename BCCBC to BCRuntime
- add code documentation
- remove angular-bc

## Version 1.0.0
- DBCP update
- Performance optimizations

## Version 0.9.0
- initial version

Commit message:

allow only one line preview of mail bodies in overview

dapps/mailbox/VERSIONS.md, after:

# evan-dapps: mailbox

## Next Version
### Features
### Fixes
- allow only one line preview of mail bodies in overview

### Deprecations

## Version 1.3.1
### Features
- support light theme

## Version 1.3.0
### Features
- new design
- create new mails using UI
- add storeKey / storeValue for contract mail attachments
- be able to pass contract attachment without business center

### Fixes
- fix goBack history stacking for mailbox contract opening

## Version 1.2.0
### Fixes
- fix mailbox paging
- fix dapp-wrapper title i18n

## Version 1.1.0
### Features
- Initial Version

## Version 1.0.2
### Features
### Fixes
- add AsyncComponent to handle correct async OnInit and OnDestroy methods

### Deprecations

## Version 1.0.1
### Features
- use @evan.network for package name and dependencies scopes
- add .npmignore
- rename *contractus* variables to *evan*
- rename bcc-core bundle to bcc
  - rename BCCCore to CoreRuntime
  - rename BCCProfile to ProfileRuntime
  - rename BCCBC to BCRuntime
- add code documentation
- remove angular-bc

## Version 1.0.0
- DBCP update
- Performance optimizations

## Version 0.9.0
- initial version
