dapps/profile/VERSIONS.md, before:

# evan-dapps: profile

## Next Version
### Features
### Fixes
### Deprecations

## Version 1.5.0
### Features
- new design
- activated claims management and display

## Version 1.4.0
### Features
- support light theme
- implement theme switch selector

## Version 1.3.0
### Features
- add `evan-dev-dapps-domain` configuration
- fix naming issues

### Fixes
### Deprecations

## Version 1.2.0
### Features
- add language selection

### Fixes
- fix dapp-wrapper title i18n

## Version 1.1.0
### Features
- Initial Version

## Version 1.0.2
### Features
### Fixes
- add AsyncComponent to handle correct async OnInit and OnDestroy methods

### Deprecations

## Version 1.0.1
### Features
- use @evan.network for package name and dependencies scopes
- add .npmignore
- rename *contractus* variables to *evan*
- rename bcc-core bundle to bcc
  - rename BCCCore to CoreRuntime
  - rename BCCProfile to ProfileRuntime
  - rename BCCBC to BCRuntime
- add code documentation
- remove angular-bc

## Version 1.0.0
- DBCP update

## Version 0.9.0
- initial version

Commit message:

update missing versions.md contents

dapps/profile/VERSIONS.md, after:

# evan-dapps: profile

## Next Version
### Features
- add missing dbcpVersion to dbcp files
- add licenses to dbcp files

### Fixes
### Deprecations

## Version 1.5.0
### Features
- new design
- activated claims management and display

## Version 1.4.0
### Features
- support light theme
- implement theme switch selector

## Version 1.3.0
### Features
- add `evan-dev-dapps-domain` configuration
- fix naming issues

### Fixes
### Deprecations

## Version 1.2.0
### Features
- add language selection

### Fixes
- fix dapp-wrapper title i18n

## Version 1.1.0
### Features
- Initial Version

## Version 1.0.2
### Features
### Fixes
- add AsyncComponent to handle correct async OnInit and OnDestroy methods

### Deprecations

## Version 1.0.1
### Features
- use @evan.network for package name and dependencies scopes
- add .npmignore
- rename *contractus* variables to *evan*
- rename bcc-core bundle to bcc
  - rename BCCCore to CoreRuntime
  - rename BCCProfile to ProfileRuntime
  - rename BCCBC to BCRuntime
- add code documentation
- remove angular-bc

## Version 1.0.0
- DBCP update

## Version 0.9.0
- initial version
