dapps/onboarding/VERSIONS.md, before:

# evan-dapps: onboarding

## Next Version
### Features
### Fixes
### Deprecations

## Version 1.3.0
### Features
- create identity for new profile

## Version 1.2.1
### Fixes
- fix onboarding mail invitation by user import
- support light theme

## Version 1.2.0
### Fixes
- fix dapp-wrapper title i18n

## Version 1.1.0
### Features
- Initial Version

## Version 1.0.2
### Features
### Fixes
- add AsyncComponent to handle correct async OnInit and OnDestroy methods

### Deprecations

## Version 1.0.1
### Features
- use @evan.network for package name and dependencies scopes
- add .npmignore
- rename *contractus* variables to *evan*
- rename bcc-core bundle to bcc
  - rename BCCCore to CoreRuntime
  - rename BCCProfile to ProfileRuntime
  - rename BCCBC to BCRuntime
- add code documentation
- remove angular-bc
- add qr-code scanner for mnemonic import
- build captcha into iframe to handle android captcha
- use smart agent to create profiles

## Version 1.0.0
- DBCP update
- Change Onboaring flow handling
- Add Faucet Handout

## Version 0.9.0
- initial version

Commit message:

update missing versions.md contents

dapps/onboarding/VERSIONS.md, after:

# evan-dapps: onboarding

## Next Version
### Features
- add salting for encryptionKeys accountId + password
- add missing dbcpVersion to dbcp files
- add licenses to dbcp files
  
### Fixes
### Deprecations

## Version 1.3.0
### Features
- create identity for new profile

## Version 1.2.1
### Fixes
- fix onboarding mail invitation by user import
- support light theme

## Version 1.2.0
### Fixes
- fix dapp-wrapper title i18n

## Version 1.1.0
### Features
- Initial Version

## Version 1.0.2
### Features
### Fixes
- add AsyncComponent to handle correct async OnInit and OnDestroy methods

### Deprecations

## Version 1.0.1
### Features
- use @evan.network for package name and dependencies scopes
- add .npmignore
- rename *contractus* variables to *evan*
- rename bcc-core bundle to bcc
  - rename BCCCore to CoreRuntime
  - rename BCCProfile to ProfileRuntime
  - rename BCCBC to BCRuntime
- add code documentation
- remove angular-bc
- add qr-code scanner for mnemonic import
- build captcha into iframe to handle android captcha
- use smart agent to create profiles

## Version 1.0.0
- DBCP update
- Change Onboaring flow handling
- Add Faucet Handout

## Version 0.9.0
- initial version
