dapps/explorer/VERSIONS.md, before:

# evan-dapps: explorer

## Next Version
### Features
### Fixes
### Deprecations

## Version 1.3.0
### Features
add detailed claims view for the opened address

## Version 1.2.1
### Features
- be able to analyse root DApps (favorites.evan)
- support light theme

### Fixes
- fix `openRootDApp` history stack pushing
- fix namings

## Version 1.2.0
### Fixes
- load ens addresses without an underlaying contract and only with dbcp
- fix dapp-wrapper title i18n

## Version 1.1.0
### Features
- Initial Version

## Version 1.0.2
### Features
### Fixes
- add AsyncComponent to handle correct async OnInit and OnDestroy methods

### Deprecations

## Version 1.0.1
### Features
- use @evan.network for package name and dependencies scopes
- add .npmignore
- rename *contractus* variables to *evan*
- rename bcc-core bundle to bcc
  - rename BCCCore to CoreRuntime
  - rename BCCProfile to ProfileRuntime
  - rename BCCBC to BCRuntime
- add code documentation
- remove angular-bc

## Version 1.0.0
- DBCP update
- fix navigation

## Version 0.9.0
- initial version

Commit message:

update missing versions.md contents

dapps/explorer/VERSIONS.md, after:

# evan-dapps: explorer

## Next Version
### Features
- add missing dbcpVersion to dbcp files
- add licenses to dbcp files
- explorer module is now exportable as library

### Fixes
### Deprecations

## Version 1.3.0
### Features
add detailed claims view for the opened address

## Version 1.2.1
### Features
- be able to analyse root DApps (favorites.evan)
- support light theme

### Fixes
- fix `openRootDApp` history stack pushing
- fix namings

## Version 1.2.0
### Fixes
- load ens addresses without an underlaying contract and only with dbcp
- fix dapp-wrapper title i18n

## Version 1.1.0
### Features
- Initial Version

## Version 1.0.2
### Features
### Fixes
- add AsyncComponent to handle correct async OnInit and OnDestroy methods

### Deprecations

## Version 1.0.1
### Features
- use @evan.network for package name and dependencies scopes
- add .npmignore
- rename *contractus* variables to *evan*
- rename bcc-core bundle to bcc
  - rename BCCCore to CoreRuntime
  - rename BCCProfile to ProfileRuntime
  - rename BCCBC to BCRuntime
- add code documentation
- remove angular-bc

## Version 1.0.0
- DBCP update
- fix navigation

## Version 0.9.0
- initial version
